Version 1 release (#132)
brainglobe/brainglobe.github.io: docs/source/community/releases/v1/index.md

It also provides the `brainglobe-workflows` package, which builds on top of `brainglobe` and provides some common analysis pipelines to users, as well as a benchmarking suite for developers working on code performance improvements.

## Updating to version 1

Our recommendation for updating to BrainGlobe version 1 is to follow the [installation instructions on the main documentation page](/documentation/index.md#installing-brainglobe) in a clean virtual environment, and delete or archive your old environment.
This will ensure that when you install `brainglobe`, the tools are fetched in a consistent manner and do not pick up any manually installed BrainGlobe tools that might be in your environment or python path.
Likewise, it also avoids potential issues when tools have been installed from both `conda-forge` and `PyPI`.

If you don't want to install the entire BrainGlobe suite and are happy to manage the tooling interdependencies yourself, you can still manually install the individual BrainGlobe tools that you wish to use.

> If you choose to do so; as a general rule of thumb you should not mix `conda-forge` and `PyPI` installs, and avoid installing BrainGlobe tools of versions less than 1 in the same environment as those with version greater than 1 at all costs.

Reviewer: > you should not mix `conda-forge` and `PyPI` installs

Is this advice still valid? I haven't noticed any problem for years.

> If you choose to do so; as a general rule of thumb you should not mix `conda-forge` and `PyPI` installs, and avoid installing BrainGlobe tools of versions less than 1 in the same environment as those with version greater than 1 at all costs.

Reviewer: Just sounds a bit intense for such a low-stakes problem!

```suggestion
If you choose to do so; as a general rule of thumb you should not mix `conda-forge` and `PyPI` installs, and avoid installing BrainGlobe tools of versions less than 1 in the same environment as those with version greater than 1.
```

> ### Previous installs with conda

Reviewer: I kinda think this section is confusing because:
a) We ask everyone to create a new env and install with pip anyway.
b) We're working towards conda-forge installation, and this makes it sound like conda is problematic in some way.

Author: Fair, I think I'll just say here "hey, `conda-forge` install is in the roadmap, but for the time being it's probably better if you swap to `pip install`-ing the metapackage until then".

Basically I just want to avoid people doing something like installing the metapackage then using `conda` to manually update individual packages. When the metapackage reaches conda-forge this'll be moot anyway.

- `brainreg-napari` is now shipped with `brainreg`
  - `brainreg` functionality is now available in a submodule, `brainreg.core`. If you previously used the Python API provided in `brainreg`, you will need to change your `from brainreg import X` statements to `from brainreg.core import X`.
  - The `brainreg-napari` plugin is now just called `brainreg` when using `napari`. The plugin's backend is in the submodule `brainreg.napari` rather than `brainreg-napari`.
  - The new `brainreg.core` and `brainreg.napari` submodules retain the old internal structure of the respective deprecated packages.
- `brainreg-segment` has been renamed `brainglobe-segmentation`.
  - Beyond the name change, package internals have not changed.
- `cellfinder` command-line-interface (CLI) has been renamed and moved.
  - The command-line interface is now provided by `brainglobe-workflows`.
  - The command-line tool is now called `brainmapper`.
  - The name "cellfinder" is now reserved for the merged `cellfinder-core` and `cellfinder-napari` packages.
- `cellfinder-core` and `cellfinder-napari` have been merged into a single package, called `cellfinder`.

>   - The `cellfinder` package should not be confused with the old cellfinder command-line tool, described above. Going forward, "cellfinder" will refer exclusively to this new, merged package created from `cellfinder-core` and `cellfinder-napari`. The command-line tool with use the name `brianmapper`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The `cellfinder` package should not be confused with the old cellfinder command-line tool, described above. Going forward, "cellfinder" will refer exclusively to this new, merged package created from `cellfinder-core` and `cellfinder-napari` which only performs cell detection. The command-line tool with use the name `brainmapper`.
```

  - Internal function names and locations have otherwise not changed, beyond their conversion into the `core` and `napari` submodules.
  - The napari plugin is now referred to as the `cellfinder` plugin, and shows up with the name `cellfinder` when viewed in napari (as opposed to the old `cellfinder-napari` name it used to have).
- `brainglobe-workflows` has been released.
  - This package provides some exemplar data analysis workflows for users to modify or customise to suit their needs.
  - It will also provide command-line interfaces for particularly common workflows. Currently it provides `brainmapper`, the successor to the _old_ cellfinder command-line tool.
- `pip install brainglobe` is now the recommended way to install all BrainGlobe tools.
  - This will fetch the `brainglobe` meta-package, which includes the latest stable versions of all BrainGlobe tools and napari plugins.
  - All tools will be accessible in the install environment as if they had been pip-installed directly.

>   - If you are updating to `brainglobe` version 1 having previously installed BrainGlobe tools individually, we [recommend you create](#updating-to-version-1) a clean Python environment and install `brainglobe` into this fresh environment to avoid potential package conflicts.

Author: Parts of it definitely are, but I felt duplicating these parts made more sense than only including them in one place or another. Otherwise it's not really a full changelog, and it's not worth a "see this section" when users only need to be redirected to one sentence?
